#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements-test.txt requirements-test.in requirements.txt
#
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiozipkin
aiozipkin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
amqp==5.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
astroid==2.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pylint
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
asynctest==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
atlassian-python-api==3.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.0
    # via virtualenv
bandit==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   policy-sentry
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
black==21.8b0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
bleach==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   readme-renderer
boto==2.49.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
boto3==1.18.38
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
    #   moto
    #   parliament
botocore==1.21.38
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   cloudaux
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
cchardet==2.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
celery[redis]==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   google-crc32c
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   prance
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   policy-sentry
    #   presto-python-client
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
cloudaux==1.9.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   schema
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   moto
datamodel-code-generator==0.11.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   retry
deepdiff==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   atlassian-python-api
distlib==0.3.2
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
docker==5.0.2
    # via -r requirements-test.in
docutils==0.17.1
    # via readme-renderer
ecdsa==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-jose
ed25519==1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
elasticsearch==7.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
email-validator==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
execnet==1.9.0
    # via pytest-xdist
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flagpole==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
flake8==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   flake8-docstrings
flake8-docstrings==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
flake8-import-order==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
furl==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
genson==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
google-api-core==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
google-auth==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.42.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
httplib2==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
identify==2.2.14
    # via pre-commit
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inflect==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipython==7.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   python3-saml
isort==5.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   pylint
jedi==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   moto
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   parliament
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudaux
json-cfg==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   parliament
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
kombu==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
kwonly-args==1.0.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   json-cfg
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   astroid
logmatic-python==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python3-saml
    #   xmlsec
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   moto
marshmallow==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mock==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements-test.in
mockredispy==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements-test.in
more-itertools==8.9.0
    # via moto
moto==2.2.6
    # via -r requirements-test.in
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==0.910
    # via -r requirements-test.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   requests-oauthlib
okta-jwt==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
openapi-schema-validator==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
ordered-set==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deepdiff
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   furl
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pandas==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
parliament==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
parso==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jedi
password-strength==0.0.3.post2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
pbr==5.6.0
    # via stevedore
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pkgconfig==1.5.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
platformdirs==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
policy-sentry==0.11.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
policyuniverse==1.4.0.20210819
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
prance==0.21.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
pre-commit==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
presto-python-client==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
    #   questionary
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redislite
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
    #   retry
    #   tox
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-import-order
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycurl==7.44.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pydantic[email]==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via flake8-docstrings
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   readme-renderer
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pylint==2.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pysnooper==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-tornado
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-asyncio==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-cov==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-forked==1.3.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-html==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-metadata==1.11.0
    # via pytest-html
pytest-mock==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-timeout==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-tornado==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
pytest-xdist==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   moto
    #   pandas
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   okta-jwt
python-json-logger==0.1.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   logmatic-python
python3-saml==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   moto
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   parliament
    #   policy-sentry
    #   pre-commit
questionary==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
readme-renderer==29.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   redislite
redislite==6.0.674960
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
regex==2021.8.28
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   datamodel-code-generator
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   moto
    #   okta-jwt
    #   policy-sentry
    #   prance
    #   presto-python-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   atlassian-python-api
responses==0.13.4
    # via moto
retry==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
retrying==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
ruamel.yaml==0.17.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
schema==0.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   policy-sentry
semver==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
sentry-sdk==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
simplejson==3.17.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   bandit
    #   bcrypt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   cloudaux
    #   ecdsa
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   furl
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   mock
    #   okta-jwt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   password-strength
    #   prance
    #   presto-python-client
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   readme-renderer
    #   responses
    #   retrying
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
smmap==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via pydocstyle
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stevedore==3.4.0
    # via bandit
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   mypy
    #   pre-commit
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
    #   tox
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-tornado
tox==3.24.3
    # via -r requirements-test.in
traitlets==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
ujson==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
uvloop==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
validate-email==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.7.2
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   tox
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via docker
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via moto
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   astroid
    #   deprecated
xmlsec==1.3.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python3-saml
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via moto
yarl==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
